[Workers] Add 2022-05-12 update to runtime changelogs (#4449)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2022-05-12

- Fix R2 bindings saving cache-control under content-language and rendering cache-control under content-language.
- Fix R2 bindings list without options to use the default list limit instead of never returning any results.

> - Fix R2 bindings which didn’t correctly handle error messages from R2, resulting in “internal error” being thrown. Also fix behavior for get throwing an exception on a non-existent key instead of returning null. R2Error is removed for the time being and will be reinstated at some future time TBD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix R2 bindings which did not correctly handle error messages from R2, resulting in `internal error` being thrown. Also fix behavior for get throwing an exception on a non-existent key instead of returning null. `R2Error` is removed for the time being and will be reinstated at some future time TBD.
```

> - R2 bindings: if the onlyIf condition results in a precondition failure or a not modified result, the object is returned without a body instead of returning null.
> - R2 bindings: sha1 is removed as an option because it wasn’t actually hooked up to anything. TBD on additional checksum options beyond md5.
> - Added startAfter option to the list() method in the Durable Object storage API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- R2 bindings: if the onlyIf condition results in a precondition failure or a not modified result, the object is returned without a body instead of returning null.
- R2 bindings: sha1 is removed as an option because it was not actually hooked up to anything. TBD on additional checksum options beyond md5.
- Added `startAfter` option to the `list()` method in the Durable Object storage API.
```
